CS211 Project: Group Project 17 
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting

Persons present: All project members except Ryan(ryb11) Absent on medical grounds, Brandon(brb19) Arrived late

Place and date of meeting:E34 Llandinam,
Wednesday 4th March 2020, 10:10am

Circulation list: All project members and project manager
Author: Ben Phillips
Date of minutes: 4th March 2020
Version:1.0

Matters Arising:
1. Prepare Architecture Documentation 
Action:rik7, jub27
Status: ONGOING

2. Get Test Plan/Documentation from Ryan
Action:bas17,ryb11
Status:COMPLETED

3. QA to read document 5
Action:bas21,bep40
Status COMPLETED

3.1 Update blogs
Action: Jcw14, ryb11
Status: ONGOING

3.2 Fix GitLab directories
Action: bep40,bas21
Status:COMPLETED

3.3 Group Leader and deputy to share meeting plans
Action: jcw14, bas17
Status: COMPLETED

3.4 Make changes to UI document 
Action: brb19, fec11
Status: ONGOING

New Business:
4. Make plan to ensure architecture documentation is ready to be delivered
Action: jcw14

4.1 Make plan before the weekend and release onto GitLab
Action: jcw14

4.2 Raise issues from UI document in GitLab
Action: bas21

4.3 QA team to read Design Specification document
Action: bas21,bep40