CS221 Project: Group Project 17
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting

Persons present: All project members 

Place and date of meeting: D59 Hugh Owen, Wednesday 29th January 2020, 10:10am

Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager
Author: Bartosz Samulski
Date of minutes: 12th February 2020
Version: 1.0

Matter Arising:
====================
1. Request for better room. 
Action: aos
Status: COMPLETED
2. Modify the blog. 
Action: Jcw14
Status: COMPLETED
3. Set up Discord Server.
Action: Fec11
Status: COMPLETED
3.2 All group members to set up a personal blog TODAY
Action: Jcw14, ryb11
Status: COMPLETED
3.3 All group members warned about not updating their 
blogs.
Action: Everyone
Status: COMPLETED
3.4 Group has agreed on to use Discord for 
communication.
Action: Everyone
Status: COMPLETED
4. Make a UML of the all graphics with functionalities. 
Action: fec11
Status: COMPLETED
4.1 James and Rishabh to verify requirements and add-
on relevant material to the user interface 
document.
Action: Jcw14, rik7
Status: COMPLETED
4.2 Ryan needs to catch-up and read the assigned 
documents.
Action: Ryb11
Status: COMPLETED
4.3 Requires more communication between Juraj and 
Bartek. Both produced separate documents. Need 
to agree on better method to follow.
Action: Jub27, bas21
Status: COMPLETED
4.4 Produce a sample Javafx document.
Action: bas17
Status: ONGOING


New Business:
===================

1. Electing positions :
Project Leader : jcw14
Deputy Project Leader : bas17
Quality Assurance Manager : bep40
Deputy QA Manager : bas21
Status : COMPLETED

2. Build up Preparation Plan
Action: jcw14

3. Prepare User Interface document
Action: fec11, brb19

4. Prepare Test document
Action: ryb11 

5. Prepare Architecture document 
Action: jub27, rik7, 

6. Read QA documents
Action: bas21, bep40

7. Set up GitHub repository
Action: bep40,


