CS211 Project: Group Project 17 
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting

People present:everyone but james(absent),federico(internet connection issues) and ryan(absent)

Place and date of meeting:Discord Voice call,
Wednesday 25th March 2020, 10:10am

Circulation list: All project members and project manager
Author: Ben Phillips
Date of minutes: 25th March 2020
Version:1.0

Matters Arising:
1.Prepare Architecture Doc 
Action:rik7, jub27
Status: COMPLETED

2.Put prototype on gitlab
Action:rik7
Status: COMPLETED

3.Fix remaining issues with GitLab repositories 
Action:bep40
Status:COMPLETED

3.1Help finish architecture document
Action:bas21
Status: COMPLETED

3.2Help design team by doing the component diagrams
Action:brb19
Status:COMPLETED

3.3Carry out spike work
Action:fec11
Status:COMPLETED

New Business:
4. Setting up QA meeting for design spec doc
   Action:bas21,bep40

4.1 Re electing a new group leader
   Action: Everyone

4.2 Andy to get in touch with ryan
   Action: Aos

4.3 Rishabh to find a short tutorial on unit testing
   Action: rik7

4.4 New leader to allocate work for coding
   Action:bas17