CS21120 Project: Group Project 17 
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting

Persons present: Project manager, Bas21, Bas17, bep40, fec11, brb19,
ryb11 and jub27 made us aware of non attendance before meeting,
rik17 turned up late,
jcw14 didnt show up

Place and date of meeting:E34 Llandinam,
Wednesday 26th February 2020, 10:10am

Circulation list: All project members and project manager
Author: Ben Phillips
Date of minutes: 26th February 2020
Version:1.0

Matters Arising:
3. Prepare UI document for hand in
Action:fec11, brb19
Status: COMPLETED

3.1 Prepare test document for QA
Action:ryb11
Status: COMPLETED

3.2 Prepare Architecture documentation
Action:jub27, rik17
Status: ONGOING

3.3 Set up GitLab Repository
Action:bep40
Status: COMPLETED

3.4 Everyone to attend meeting for UI document at 12pm Thursday 20th
Action: Everyone
Status: COMPLETED

4. Final UI documentation to be delivered on Wednesday 26th February
Action:brb19,fec11
Status COMPLETED

4.1 Completed test document to be delivered ready for QA by Wednesday 26th February
Action: ryb11
Status:COMPLETED

4.2 QA team to read documents 1,2,3,4,6,7,8
Action:bas21,bep40
Status:COMPLETED

New Business:
1. Frequently upload and update GitLab docs
Action: Eveyone
2. Add Chris Price to GitLab
Action: bep40
3. Find out if test plan isready for QA
Action: bas17, ryb11
3.1 Make QA plan
Action: bas17
3.2 QA to read document 5
Action:bas21,bep40
3.3 Update blogs
Action:brb19,fec11,jcw14
3.4 QA to fix Gitlab directories
Action:bep40,bas21
4. Team leader and deputy to communicate and share meeting plan
Action:bas17,jcw14
4.1 Make alterations of UI documentation after review
Action:brb19,fec11


