CS211 Project: Group Project 17 
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting

Persons present: All project members except Ryan(ryb11)and Bartek(bas17) who were absent

Place and date of meeting:E34 Llandinam,
Wednesday 11th March 2020, 10:10am

Circulation list: All project members and project manager
Author: Ben Phillips
Date of minutes: 11th March 2020
Version:1.0

Matters Arising:
1. Prepare Architecture Documentation 
Action:rik7, jub27
Status: ONGOING

2. Update blogs
Action: Jcw14, ryb11
Status: COMPLETED

3 Make changes to UI document 
Action: brb19, fec11
Status: COMPLETED

3.1 Make plan to ensure architecture documentation is ready to be delivered
Action: jcw14
Status: COMPLETED

3.2 Make plan before the weekend and release onto GitLab
Action: jcw14
Status: COMPLETED

3.3 Raise issues from UI document in GitLab
Action: bas21
Status: COMPLETED

3.4 QA team to read Design Specification document
Action: bas21,bep40
Status: COMPLETED

New Business:
4. Put prototype of app on GitLab for everyone to assess
Action: rik7

4.1 Fix remaining issues with GitLab repositories
Action: bep40

4.2 Help finishing the design spec document
Action: bas21

4.3 Help design team by doing the component diagrams
Action: brb19

4.4 Carry out some spike work
Action: fec11
